Scan sample ext changes (#12159)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Wi-Fi samples
-------------

> * Added :ref:`wifi_scan_sample` extended to demonstrate usage of new scan API's introduced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added changes to the :ref:`wifi_scan_sample` sample to demonstrate usage of new scan APIs.
```

> * Added :ref:`wifi_scan_sample` that demonstrates how to scan for the access points without using the wpa_supplicant.

Reviewer 2: replace "that demonstrates how to scan for the access points without using the wpa_supplicant" with "extended to support new scan APIs"
